# Product Requirements Document

- Name: Noah Dahle
- Product: BattleBeasts

## Background

-  BattleBeasts is a tournament style game that allows two beasts fight each other. Unlike similar games, BattleBeasts allows the player's beast to be customizable.

## Product Overview

Battle Beasts is a turn based game that allows you to customize a beast and battle an opposing beast with it.

### Beast Customization

This scene allows the user to select a beast, its modifiers, and its attacks. Your beasts health, armor, and attack amounts change based on which modifier is chosen. Also, each beast has special moves that only it can use.

### Bracket

Between every match, the player will be taken back to the bracket to see their beast advance if they won.

### Fight

In the fight scene, your beast and the opponent's beast will take turns dealing damage. When the user attacks, one of three minigames will appear for the user to play:
  - Power Bar: A bar with a dot moving back and forth. Pressing the space bar will stop the dot, and the closer you stop the dot to the middle, the more damage dealt.
  - Bullet Hell: A smaller version of your beast will appear in the middle of the screen, and bullets will move toward your beast. The user will have to dodge these bullets. The more you dodge, the more damage is dealt.
  - Quick Time: A letter will appear on the screen, and the user must press that letter as fast as they can. The faster they press the letter, the more damage is dealt.

## Features

1. As a video game player, I want to be able to change the volume of the background music, so I won't disturb others in public.
1. As a video game player, I want the ability to play the game in fullscreen to see the game better.
1. As a video game player, I want there to be minigames, so the game isn't too easy to beat.
1. As a player, I want a tutorial so I know how to play the game.
1. As a video game player, I want to be able to pause the game anytime, so I can come back to it later.
1. As a player, I want to be able to choose between a quick game and a long game, so I can have a faster option when I want to play a quick game.

## Technologies
The technologies that will be used in this game will be Godot for the game engine and C# as the programming language.
